Part I (Identify the gender, case and number, and gender of each noun. If there are multiple possible forms, list all options. Translate prepositional phrases.)

filiam -- feminine, accusitive, singular
in coniugium -- in + acc translates to into -- neuter, nomanitive, accusitive, or vocatitive, all in the singular
animo --  masculine, dative or ablative, 
virgine -- feminine, ablatitive, singular
parentes -- masculine, nomanitive, accusitive, or ablatitive, all plural
ad uxorem -- ad + acc translates to towards, -- feminine, accusitive, singular

Part II 
  (a) identify the tense, voice, mood, person, and number.
  (b) if the form is singular, convert to plural; if the form is plural, convert to singular 
  (c) translate the new form.

petivisset --  (a) pluperfect, active, subjunctive, third, singular -- (b) petivissent -- (c) they had attacked
necavit -- (a) perfect, active, indicative, third, singular -- (b) necaverunt -- (c) slayed
necari -- (a) present passive infinitive (b) neither singular or plural (c) to be slayed
rogaretur -- (a) imperfect, passive, subjunctive, third, singular (b) rogarentur (c) should they ask?
coepit -- (a) present, active, indicative, third singular (b) coepiunt (c) begginning 
interfecisset -- (a) pluperfect, active, subjunctive, third, singular (b) interfecissent (c) had killed
misit -- perfect, active, indicative, third, singular (b) miserunt (c) was sent

Part III

Centaurs are being killed by Hercules. (Use the present tense)

-- Centaurus interficiuntur Herculem

Centaurus were being killed by Hercules. (Use the imperfect tense)

-- Centaurs interficiebantur Herculem

Centaurus were killed by Hercules. (Use the perfect tense)

-- Centaurus interfecti sunt Herculem

When Hercules killed the Centaurs, he carried off Deianira. (Emphasize the circumstance, not the timing, of what Hercules did.)

-- Cum Hercules interficiebat centaurum, is detulerunt deianiram.

At the moment when Deianira saw Hercules’ garment burst into flames, she realized the Centaur had lied to her.

-- Cum Deianria vidit vestem herculis in flammis, ea cognovit Centaurum iacuit eam.

Hercules led Deianira in marriage (i.e., he married her).

-- Hercules adduxit Deianiram in conjugio.

Hercules repeatedly asked Eurytus for permission to marry Iole.

-- Hercules rogavit saepe Eurytum ad permissus maritare Iole.
